Clarify docs for `showClosedAssessment` access restriction (#6773)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/accessControl.md

        "timeLimitMin": 50,
        "showClosedAssessment": false,
        "credit": 100
    },
    {
        "showClosedAssessment": false
    }
]
```

> Note that the `showClosedAssessment` statement is listed twice above, once while the assessment is in progress (`startDate` to `endDate`) and once in a second rule that will take effect after the `endDate`.

Reviewer: May want to include a comment that new submissions are allowed after this point if this new rule is added, so if they don't want that they should set `"active": false` (maybe a link to the corresponding section).

Author: But won't the assessments be closed by this point, so that they won't even be viewable by the student?

I can certainly add `"active": false` to the final rule just to be on the safe side, if you think it would help?

Reviewer: > But won't the assessments be closed by this point, so that they won't even be viewable by the student?

Not if they didn't start.

Author: Good point. Added in 90d0092d3d1cab14c60e1ebc60380658562587a9

        "showClosedAssessment": false,
        "showClosedAssessmentScore": false,
        "credit": 100
    },
    {
        "showClosedAssessment": false,
        "showClosedAssessmentScore": false
    }
]
```

Note that the `showClosedAssessment` and `showClosedAssessmentScore` statements are listed twice above, once while the assessment is in progress (`startDate` to `endDate`) and once in a second rule that will take effect after the `endDate`.

> The `showClosedAssessmentScore` access rule restriction is only useful in conjunction with [disabling real-time grading](assessment.md#disabling-real-time-grading) and setting `"showClosedAssessment": false`.

Reviewer: This is not your change, but this may not be 100% correct in this case, so piggybacking. Here's a suggestion:
```suggestion
The `showClosedAssessmentScore` access rule restriction is often used in conjunction with [disabling real-time grading](assessment.md#disabling-real-time-grading) and setting `"showClosedAssessment": false`. It may also be used in assessments with [manual grading](manualGrading.md), to hide the assessment grade until all students have been graded.
```
